# Galaxy_orientatation
The Data address set for the images associated with the paper associated with galactic orientation. The repository consists of three compressed folders. The folder 'Base_Line' consists of two files components1 ( the number of principal components associated with each image ) and the files_array which is the address list for accessing the image files associated with the training images of the Galaxy zoo project for my work. 'Gal_25' is a set of addresses for principal components less than 26 where C,L,F and R represents the 'center' , 'Left','Flat' and 'Right' in terms of galaxy orientation. The files with the tag m1 and m2 are the fine tuned orientation representations for the ones seperated from the 'Flat' case here( for details refer the paper). The third folder 'GAL_35' is a set of images ( sample2) according to the paper. The naming conventions are the same as before.

These are address strings to be used with the training images of the Galaxy zoo data set (https://www.kaggle.com/c/galaxy-zoo-the-galaxy-challenge/data) Please download the Images_training_rev1.zip and use it. Make sure the address is 'images_training_rev1/926426'.jpg . The address strings in the above file will be in the format '../content/images_training_rev1/361394.jpg'. This is with respect to the root folder of the Google colaboratory , where all the machine learning geeks thrive. You can follow the naming conventions analogous to your system, accodingly add the rings, bells and trumpets as per your requirement. If you feel fastidious enough please seperate the 'Galaxy_ID' at the end of the strings and this can be used to access the Galaxy as per the Galaxy ID of the Galaxy zoo project, which is in simple terms the name of the Galaxy images. If you need any help with this or wish to colaborate in this work feel free to contact 'vijaynebula@gmail.com'. For further details about the Data set please refer to the kaggle link given above. The paper and the I python notebook associated with the work will be published soon, so hang in there.  Thanks! 

